Add API stability doc link. (#1672)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-solidity: README.md

npm install openzeppelin-solidity
```

> OpenZeppelin features a stable API, which means your contracts won't break unexpectedly when upgrading to newer versions. You can read more about our stability guarantees [here](https://forum.zeppelin.solutions/t/api-stability/138).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenZeppelin features a stable API, which means your contracts won't break unexpectedly when upgrading to a newer minor version. You can read ṫhe details in our [API Stability](https://forum.zeppelin.solutions/t/api-stability/138) document.
```

I like this better.
